{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 \uc0\u8220{}Adjusted Plus-Minus (APM) Explained.\uc0\u8221{} 2017. May 8, 2017. https://www.nbastuffer.com/analytics101/adjusted-plus-minus/.\
Antle, Rob. n.d. \uc0\u8220{}Regularized Adjusted Plus/Minus (RAPM) \uc0\u8211{} Basketball, Stat.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed April 4, 2025. https://basketballstat.home.blog/2019/08/14/regularized-adjusted-plus-minus-rapm/.\
\uc0\u8220{}Calculating PER.\uc0\u8221{} n.d. Basketball-Reference.Com. Accessed April 4, 2025. https://www.basketball-reference.com/about/per.html.\
Damoulaki, Argyro, Ioannis Ntzoufras, and Konstantinos Pelechrinis. 2025. \uc0\u8220{}Lasso Multinomial Performance Indicators for In-Play Basketball Data.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Computational Statistics}, February. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00180-025-01604-7.\
Deckard, Dave. 2024. \uc0\u8220{}Demystifying the NBA Plus-Minus Stat.\uc0\u8221{} Blazer\uc0\u8217{}s Edge. March 31, 2024. https://www.blazersedge.com/2024/3/31/24117295/nba-plus-minus-portland-trail-blazers-scoot-henderson-record.\
\uc0\u8220{}Elastic Net.\uc0\u8221{} n.d. Corporate Finance Institute. Accessed April 4, 2025. https://corporatefinanceinstitute.com/resources/data-science/elastic-net/.\
Fijal, Damian. n.d. \uc0\u8220{}NBA Net Ratings throughout the 2023-24 All Star Break. | LinkedIn.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed April 4, 2025. https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/nba-net-ratings-throughout-2023-24-all-star-break-damian-fijal-xkz9e/.\
Ghimire, Shankar, Justin A. Ehrlich, and Shane D. Sanders. 2020. \uc0\u8220{}Measuring Individual Worker Output in a Complementary Team Setting: Does Regularized Adjusted plus Minus Isolate Individual NBA Player Contributions?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}PLOS ONE} 15 (8): e0237920. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0237920.\
Grassetti, Luca, Ruggero Bellio, Luca Di Gaspero, Giovanni Fonseca, and Paolo Vidoni. 2021. \uc0\u8220{}An Extended Regularized Adjusted Plus-Minus Analysis for Lineup Management in Basketball Using Play-by-Play Data.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IMA Journal of Management Mathematics} 32 (4): 385\uc0\u8211{}409. https://doi.org/10.1093/imaman/dpaa022.\
Josephs, Nathaniel, and Elizabeth Upton. 2024. \uc0\u8220{}Hypergraph Adjusted Plus-Minus.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv. https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2403.20214.\
Murel, Jacob, and Eda Kavlakoglu. 2023. \uc0\u8220{}What Is Ridge Regression? | IBM.\uc0\u8221{} September 21, 2023. https://www.ibm.com/think/topics/ridge-regression.\
\uc0\u8220{}Relationship Between TS% and eFG%.\uc0\u8221{} 2017. {\i{}Squared Statistics: Understanding Basketball Analytics} (blog). October 10, 2017. https://squared2020.com/2017/10/10/relationship-between-ts-and-efg/.\
Sill, Joseph. n.d. \uc0\u8220{}Improved NBA Adjusted +/- Using Regularization and Out-of-Sample Testing.\uc0\u8221{}\
\uc0\u8220{}Sports-Data-Repository/_prep/Nba-Rapm/Init-Nba-Rapm-Data.R at Main \uc0\u183{} SCOREnetworkorg/Sports-Data-Repository.\uc0\u8221{} n.d. GitHub. Accessed April 3, 2025. https://github.com/SCOREnetworkorg/sports-data-repository/blob/main/_prep/nba-rapm/init-nba-rapm-data.R.\
Yurko, Ron, and Quang Nguyen. n.d. \uc0\u8220{}INSTRUCTOR SOLUTIONS: Introduction to Regularized Adjusted plus-Minus (RAPM) \uc0\u8211{} CMU SCORE Module Preprint Repository.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed April 6, 2025. https://ryurko.github.io/cmu_score_preprints/module_resources/nba-rapm/intro_nba_rapm_SOLUTIONS.html.\
}